There are many indicators that reflect the health conditions. Cholesterol level is an extremely important index. High cholesterol levels can be especially hazardous to health and there are no symptoms at all. Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is often called bad cholesterol. If there is too much LDL cholesterol in the blood, it builds up in the walls of the blood vessels, which can increase the risk of heart attack or stroke.  High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is referred to as good cholesterol because it can move LDL cholesterol from the blood to the liver to be broken down and disposed of as waste. The total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol ratio can help a person know if they are consuming enough good cholesterol and to limit sources of bad cholesterol. It can be measured by dividing the total cholesterol by the HDL level. The lower this number is, the healthier a person's cholesterol levels are. Studying the effectors of the cholesterol ratio is a significant benefit to reducing the risk of heart disease or stroke. There are several common health indicators, stages of obesity, blood pressure, blood glucose, drinking status, smoking status. In my research, I would like to figure out if these indicators are associated with high cholesterol levels. I assume that all these variables may be related to high cholesterol levels and predict that obesity will be the primary effector.
The dataset was published on https://datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.ft8750v and the paper was published on https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/8/9/e021768. Data were extracted from a computerized database established by the Rich Healthcare Group in China, which includes all medical records for participants who received a health check from 2010 to 2016. The data were collected under standardized conditions and followed according to uniform procedures by trained staff. A total of 211,833 adults that older than 20 years old cross 32 sites and 11 cites were selected for the study. I will exclude people that are over 60 years old because older population usually have higher cholesterol levels comparing to other age groups.
My quantitative outcome is the cholesterol ratio. It can be measured by dividing the total cholesterol by the HDL level. Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance that's found in all the cells in your body. Our bodies need some cholesterol to make hormones, vitamin D, and substances that help you digest foods. However, if you have too much cholesterol in your blood, It can lead to coronary artery disease, where your coronary arteries become narrow or even blocked. A normal cholesterol ratio should be below 5. Fasting venous blood samples were collected after at least a 10 hours fast at each visit. Total cholesterol and HDL level were measured on an autoanalyzer (Beckman 5800). My predictors of interest would be, BMI(body mass index), SBP(systolic blood pressure), DBP(Diastolic blood pressure), FPG(fasting plasma glucose), drinking and smoking status. In each visit to the health check center, participants were requested to complete a detailed questionnaire assessing demographic, lifestyle, medical history and family history of chronic disease. Height, weight and blood pressure were measured by trained staff. Body weight was measured in light clothing with no shoes to the nearest 0.1 kg. Height was measured to the nearest 0.1 cm. BMI was derived from weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared.  SBP refers to the amount of pressure in the arteries during the contraction of heart muscle. DBP refers to the blood pressure when the heart rests between beats. SBP and DBP are indicators of blood pressure. Blood pressure was measured by standard mercury sphygmomanometers. Smoking and drinking status are defined by the questionnaire, each has three categories. 1 - current smoker, 2 - past smoker, 3 - never smoke. 1- current drinker, 2 – past drinker, 3 – never drink. 
